Lint: use concise assignment operators (#39643)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/webgl_api/webgl_best_practices/index.md

> On supporting browsers (Chromium?), `ResizeObserver` can be used with `'device-pixel-content-box'` to request a callback that includes the true {{glossary("device pixel")}} size of an element. This can be used to build an async-but-accurate function:

Author: ```suggestion
On [supporting browsers](/en-US/docs/Web/API/ResizeObserver#browser_compatibility), `ResizeObserver` can be used with `'device-pixel-content-box'` to request a callback that includes the true {{glossary("device pixel")}} size of an element. This can be used to build an async-but-accurate function:
```
